so your right hand for your induction is
going to go as follows
again those chords are what's that
little that's your first chord with that
your left hand is going to be playing
this putting the two hands together you
should get something like this for your
intro
you
that's your introduction then your
chords for the verses are gonna go as
follows that's an F minor chord
it's a C minor chord that's a D flat
major chord that's an A flat major chord
and that's an E flat major chord with
those chords your left hand is going to
be playing the same progression it was
putting the two hands together you
should get something like this
you
those are your verses so the vocal
chorus line when Mac Miller starts
singing is going to go as follows
now with that you're gonna get a lead in
from your left hand before it starts
playing what it's been playing so those
two notes really are just the end of the
previous loop in the verses of the left
hand putting the two hands together with
that little lead end you should get
something like this
there you have it another night by Mac
Miller if you like these or any of the
other videos you've seen on my youtube
channel I'd like to encourage you
subscribe to it and my channel has
gotten to the point where my viewers
pretty much run what appears on my
channel they send me content they send
me songs they want me to try out so if
you have a song you want me to play or a
song that you're having trouble learning
send it in my way and I'll check it out
for a future video as always I will see
you next time
time